1ST CHOICE HEART
1: Fish:  Oh yeeeeeaaaaah I’m tooooootally fiiiiiiine!
You plaster on a huge smile in hopes of fooling her but alas it doesn't seem to work as she casts you a mildly disapproving glare.
Heart: Lying won’t do you any good. You’ve been squinting and clutching your arm the entire time you’ve been standing in front of me..

Wow she actually noticed that? Now you feel really bad for lying

2: Fish: *Tell the truth about your injuries*
You spill about all your injuries including the odd way you were reacting to the world around you.

Heart seems to nod a few times before pulling you into a gentle embrace

Heart: You poor dear Dee and Dum must’ve not made it any better. I have to give them a talking to for how they handle other people.

Huh? she actually seems really nice for a stranger you literally just met.

After a minute though she lets the hug go.

3: Fish: *Start making weird noises*
You panic and start making random noises similar to an angry dying cat.

Surprisingly this doesn’t seems to phase Heart as she simply smiles and shakes her head.

Heart: I’m gonna take that as a busted arm and sensory/information overload correct?

Your taken back by how accurate she is in her assessment.
CHOICE ENDS

2ND CHOICE HEART
Run the fluff away:
Your flight or fight instincts kick in and you choice flight.
You shoot away from Heart and the scary men and run as fast as you can away from them.
Your not sure where you’re going or how long you run but you don’t stop until you are unable to  hear Heart’s voice crying out for you.
Only then do you stop, take a good look at your surroundings and...Fluff where are  you right now?
Which way did you come from?
[GAME OVER YOU BECAME LOST IN THE WOODS]

Try to fight:
Your flight of fight instincts kick in and you grab the nearest object.
Which happens to be a stick.
Oh well work with what you have.
You shut your eyes and step in front of Heart and wave the stick wildly trying to hit one of the guys or scare them away.
When you open your eyes again all three guys on the guard knocked unconscious
Wow you didn’t think you were that goo-
Nope you turn to find Heart holding a bow a pointed towards the ground fully loaded
You take another glance at the guys under you and see they all actually have arrows struck through their hearts
Heart: Its alright darling. You were very brave.
Oh well...yeah you guess you were!


Hide behind heart:
Your flight and fight instinct kick in and you choose neither.
Instead you choice to coward timidly behind Heart and screech.
Heart seems rather used to this and instead of cowering too like you expected she claps her hands and summons a bow.
She points it towards one of the men before releasing an arrow of pink energy into his chest and it’s ricochets off trees until all three men are down

Heart: Morons…
Heart: Oh gosh are you alright that must have been so scary!

….you make the split decisions to never piss off Heart...ever…
